do you ever get nervous right yes I mean
I used to become very nervous before
matches also on big occasions you know
these breakpoints are still they're not
easy you know your pulse starts to go
higher you get nervous and you shake and
your sweat and all this in a way try to
block it out that it's like the
championship point because last year I
lost three matches being basically two
points from the match and two of them I
had match point and you really wonder I
should have won these matches but then
again you know I want matches where I
was down match point to it's just
sometimes happens you just keep playing
yeah you just keep on playing I think
you get into this certain routine you're
in your element where you feel the most
comfortable so normally shouldn't make
you get totally messed up being match
point because this is the situation been
working for so you've been looking
forward to this moment there not being
nervous
I have the feeling it's easier when
you're running and moving and stuff
instead of you know I get very nervous
having a speech for instance I know I
it's no Q&A Q&A I'm I'm relaxed now but
the speech where you go up on stage
nobody asked you a question you just
gotta talk yeah this really freaks me
out because then I'm in a suit standing
there not doing anything just standing
there you don't start sweating
what superstitions do you have I have my
routines you know over to the courts
maybe three hours before the match warm
up take a shower go for lunch and then
sort of get ready relaxed a little bit
and then warm up you know but I don't
consider that as as a superstition it's
just like we'll move it yeah the first
time you want Jesus obviously maybe the
same Walker do they want to move you to
locker room one oh no I don't mind one
locker it is some say you know they use
the same shower every time you wouldn't
have no idea what I was that's what I'm
saying I don't care what shower it is
and what locker it is and what table I
eat that and all this stuff so would
restaurants I go to I just like to go
there where I feel comfortable with and
especially in the court I don't try to
look up into my box very often because I
feel like what am i if there is a day
and everybody's sick and nobody's in the
box
you know I'm lost you know so I have to
sort of believe in myself a lot and find
it from fun and for myself so I always
believe in that do you have a lucky
number
yeah I do actually a number eight
because I'm born on from the eighth of
the eighth 1981
you know so I'm a Leo and I don't know
eight been my sort of my lucky number or
I just call it my lucky number lucky
number and when I which was nice
actually the first time I entered top
ten it became number eight was there a
turning point and what with Luke and I
there was a turning point like we were
losing a lot and then right before Luke
said no matter what happens I believed
in you and your abilities and brothers
is a little difficult
I'm never gonna let you go and then we
are winning all the time
and was there a turning point for you I
think for me to break through was the
samp as much back in 2001 in Wimbledon
this is sort of when people really start
to pay attention took me another one and
a half years to really break through you
know when I won my first Masters Series
in Hamburg broke the top ten and then
eventually won Wimbledon for the first
time and I think those are the moments
which are the big breakthroughs for me
are the things that it's not so good to
be in your position what what's tough
about
I think you know being away from home
all the time sometimes I would like to
hide under the radar you know not having
to be in alignment all the time even
though I like to be something obviously
it just gets too much just to traveling
I love it but at the same time it's just
at times it gets too much you know but I
see much more way more positive than
negatives you know in my life what's the
best thing about being in your position
well being number one you know it's not
bad yeah people people listen to you you
got you got power and I don't know it's
it's cool you know people a lot of
people find you not only just a great
player but they call you the best and
being called the best it sort of makes
you feel good you have the feeling of
doing something right in life like I
said again you know I have a lovely
girlfriend you know who we met a long
time ago they're more like best friends
yeah Murph's my friends so that's it's a
great life it's a great life absolutely
Roger Roger we go back in and we're both
rockers I got you oh look at that the
ac/dc shirt it's been famous on the show
and not a lot of em anymore
so for those about to rock tour 1982 Oh
Angus on the I've never watched them
you're welcome I never lost a match in
that shirt he used to pay me that's good
no but thanks a lot for the shirt I'm
big ac/dc fan I even got to meet them
and that is nice nice I'll wear it wear
it special totes cool yeah